Project 1
================
Craig Lazarski
October 30, 2021

# Project2 reflection

Project repo site: https://clazarski.github.io/st558_project2/
Project repo: https://github.com/clazarski/st558_project2

• what would you do differently?
If I were to do this project again I would try to understand better the data that is being analyzed. I found myself doing the analysis but because
of the size of the data set it was hard to really make sense of some of the graphs. Once we thought more deeply about what the variables represented
we could then create more interesting analyses. 

The modeling process was also a bit awkward as nothing we did seemed to produce a useful model. Knowing now that using some logarithms may help with
the analysis I would be more inclined to consider that transformation.

• what was the most difficult part for you?
The most difficult part was getting the automation to work. I did not really understand at first what exactly was being automated. Once I did, I did 
not know how to do it. After some googling I got the idea but then I could not make it work. I had the parameters set correctly bu they were being
interpreted as character strings instead of as objects. Eventually I gave up and just converted them to numbers and all of it worked. 

The other challenge was the random forests computations. They took forever and it made it hard to know if I was doing something wrong or if it just
takes that much processing power. I found a computer with 16 processors and took the suggestion from the discussion boards to parallel the process
and that made things go much quicker. I found some googled code that made that paralleling very easy and so I feel much more comfortable with that
process. 

• what are your big take-aways from this project?
Automating reports is a pretty cool way to analyze a single data source across different areas of interest. Working via a repo is also a cool 
way to get things dones and makes collaboration easier...though we still are afraid to work on the project at the same time for fear of causing 
a conflict...which we did. It was my fault and I fixed it but I received some angry looks. 

The modeling process itself is not all that complicated once you know what a model is doing and what it needs to do it. The caret package makes
short work of a potentially cumbersome process and so it makes this process very manageable and some pretty intense models can be considered
with very little effort. 
