Programming Background
================
Craig Lazarski
September 13, 2021

`{r setup, include=FALSE} knitr::opts_chunk$set(echo = TRUE) knitr::opts_chunk$set(fig.path = "../images/")`

## Everyone in this course had some programming experience coming in (due to the prerequisites). What are your thoughts on R vs whatever other software you've used? What functionality do you like about R? What parts do you miss about your other language? Do you consider R a difficult language to learn? (If you knew R prior to the course, describe your experience when first learning it.)

R is great if you can get it to do what you want it to do. The frustration I face is usually not the R coding but everything else. For instance, to do this assignment I had to install git and get R to find it. That process took a VERY long time and was not easy to navigate. Also, to get this to render correctly I tried using the help documentation for options that could be in the output\_format lists but all the documentation says is that you can include options. What options can I include???? How do I figure those out?

I've used R sparsely in previous courses and have found that once I understand how to do a specific task that it makes sense, but getting to that point can be very frustrating. The documentation in the help files is close to useless but luckily googling does provide a plethora of resources. Figuring out what to google to get the answer I need can sometimes be a chore.

My only other programming experience is with C\# back in my early college days and that was not a great experience. In general, I enjoy learning to use R but find my frustration is often equal to if not greater than the joy I am getting. This may not be a healthy relationship.

## R Markdown output

``` {r}
plot(iris)iris
```
